You and the business tea lady who has contributed the most to the company
I must have talked to customers about products a lot, right?
Maybe more familiar than me
Why don't you let him go?
No, what Mrs. Zhou and Mrs. Li want to invest in is the new cosmeceutical developed by you.
You have nothing to do with the company or business Richard
As long as my brother doesn't sign for a day
You, Bai Fangyu, don't want to leave the company for a day
Bai Fangyu, as the boss, I order you to attend the investment meeting and preside over the press release
Good idea.
I can attend the investment meeting
As for the new host
Sorry I'm not in the mood
Don't be arrogant here
I let you go and give you a chance
Chacha is better than you
He can do it better than you.
Is that right, dear Miss Chacha?
Be sure to refuel
Don't get off the stage for a while
Brother Providence, don't worry.
I will definitely introduce new products.
Mrs. Zhou and Mrs. Li will not be disappointed.
Cha Cha, he is Mr. Chen's useless wife, right?
Don't say that.
Still useful
For example, talking back to Mr. Chen
What a successful man like Mr. Chen needs is a good helper like Cha Cha
And not the kind of ouch that justifiably drags the oil bottle
We've been waiting for you for a long time.
Mrs. Zhou Mrs. Li
Oh miss